but one challenge stops them in our
tracks
a giant petrel they try to flee but
running isn't an emperor strong point a
slip is all the petrol needs the chick
is grabbed by his neck feathers but the
diamond just falls away they form a
defensive circle and prepare to stand
their ground
despite their check light appearance
they are close to a meter tall quite a
size even for a giant petrel the chick
towers toufool height protecting those
behind his defiance by his time it's a
standoff then as if from nowhere and a
deli the feistiest penguin in the world
[Music]
he fearlessly puts himself between the
chicks and the petrol even petrels don't
mess with the delis
the plucky rescuer accompanies the
chicks to the sea
[Music]